DOCS-886 and DOCS-988: Write Import Disk article, .iso upgrade article, and reorganize "updating" articles (#300)
freenas/documentation: content/en/hub/initial-setup/install/MajorUpgrade.md

See comments in https://redmine.ixsystems.com/issues/14977 - easiest to just re-issue the certs in 9.10 due to the fact that 9.3 had some bugs in its cert generation logic (non-security compromising ones, but the tightened cert checks in 9.10 catch them nonetheless).

**After upgrading last night, I found myself unable to access the FreeNAS GUI (in HTTPS only mode). How do I get my GUI access back?**

For a rebootless http workaround please do the following:

1. SSH into your system.
2. Make a backup of your system database (for safety): `cp /data/freenas-v1.db /data/freenas-v1.db.bak`.
3. Manually set the GUI's protocol to 'http' in the database: `sqlite3 /data/freenas-v1.db "UPDATE system_settings SET stg_guiprotocol = 'http';"`.
4. Ensure that the above step went through successfully by printing the value of *stg_guiprotocol* from the database: `sqlite3 /data/freenas-v1.db "select stg_guiprotocol from system_settings;"`.
5. Regenerate nginx config file and then restart nginx and django: `service ix-nginx onestart && service nginx restart && service django restart`.

**I'm having authentication issues with SMB and AD / LDAP / ... after upgrading - Why?**

> TLSv1 has finally been deprecated as insecure. Try switching to TLSv1.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TLSv1 has been deprecated as insecure. Switch to TLSv1.2.
```
